We will go to the file menu and here we will create a new project by the Nintendo Animals game in Java.
Then click next and then finish.
Now we will go into this article and here we will create our package by the new Commodore Get game.
And on this package we will create a new class named as Shape.
The ship class provides information about a Tetris piece or the Panamanian piece or whatever.
You can say anything.
So this class, firstly, we will write.
Protected and
terminal.
None of this we will write.
No ship on that ship.
Command line.
Ship.
And then coma.
Bishop Gomez worship.
L-shape come mirrored.
These are the types of the sheep, the titans and the whole seven better shape names.
And the sheep called No Sheep, this one.
These are the seven that sheep line.
Sheep, sheep's worship and sheep and the mirrored sheep.
So after this, we will go to the courts and create the code hole, the actual coordinates of a Tetris
piece.
But before that, we will create some variables here.
Right.
Private
terminal piece chip.
Which will need.
And another one.
We will write Private End Cards Studio and another studio is in.
Guards people.
I'm done.
So after this, we will provide a constructor also.
So here we will write public shape, parenthesis.
And into this, we write initial shape parenthesis.
And then so we.
No.
What we will do.
We will create this matter, too.
After this, we have to right under this matter now.
Firstly, we have we will create the codes which will hold the actual coordinates of a Tetris piece.
We will write codes.
Continued.
For coma to.
Hold on.
This one will do.
And afterwards, we will write the actual coordinates of the Tetris piece.
This one is the actual coordinates of the Tetris piece.
And after this, we will write the code.
Stable area holds all the possible coordinates for of the Tetris piece.
So here this will see how we do
got stable newent.
And here we need a 3D array.
So.
Here.
Now, here we will write all the possible coordinate values of the Tetris piece.
So we will raid
common zero.
Coma.
Zero.
This will be the possible guardians value.
And similar to this we will also write.
Firstly, we will do the column and then here, not here, we will write parentheses and we will start
with the zero comma minus one.
Parentheses, curly brackets and then curly brackets, zero, comma, zero, curly bracket, comma,
curly bracket.
And then minus one, comma, zero.
Curly bracket, then curly bracket.
Then start with the minus one and one.
These are another possible coordinates, then comma.
And after this, we need another similar kind of coordinates.
So we will write zero comma minus one comma, curly bracket.
Zero zero curly bracket, one common zero curly bracket under one star, one comma, one curly bracket.
Curly bracket and then comma.
And before this, we need all we have to do once again.
And then this will be the fourth one.
So zero comma minus one comma zero common zero curly bracket close curly bracket open right zero common
one curly bracket close, curly bracket open.
And here we will do the zero, comma two and then curly bracket, close comma.
We need another one here.
We will.
Right.
Minus one comma, zero, curly bracket comma zero zero curly bracket comma curly bracket, one common
zero curly bracket.
And another one will be the zero, comma, one and then curly bracket, curly bracket and comma, and
another one will be zero, one, zero and there will be the one zero coordinate.
So another one will be the zero comma, one comma next thing will be one, comma, one and then comma
now another one will be curly bracket and start with the minus one comma minus one common bracket.
And then for zero comma minus one, sorry, minus one down bracket close then comma and then bracket
open the near zero zero bracket, close commas, zero, comma, one here this one and then comma.
And here we will write our last coordinate possibility will be one comma minus one close open.
And here we will write zero comma minus one comma.
Another one will be zero, comma, zero, this one and the last one will be zero, comma one.
And this will be our closing semicolon here.
No words.
Okay.
So now what we will do now what we have done.
The covered table header area holds all the possible coordinate values of the Tetris piece.
This is a template from which all pieces take their coordinate values.
This one.
So.
After this, we will ride set sheep here.
We will provide that terminal.
Dart no shape.
Semicolon after this.
This will be another matter.
We will see.
And now we have to do one more thing here.
We put one rule to coordinate value.
So before that, what we will do, we will take the code in value from the code table into the code
area for this piece.
So the ordinary method like you will see here this.
What we will do.
Here.
We will speak another thing and take the for loop and write in a call to zero colon semicolon and then
I is less than equal to four and and then I plus plus.
Now what we will do inside this loop, we will create another loop with intuitively equal to zero.
And then g here less than equal to two.
Only less than two.
Two and.
Three incremental the value.
So inside this four loop.
We have we put one of the core values from the code stable into the code area of a Tetris piece.
So the here area will create a ordinary matter, the uses of the ordinary method.
We know that in C++ and type is essentially an integer.
So unlike in C++, Java and AMS are full classes and the ordinary method returns a current portion of
the enum type in an object.
So here we will do code.
I am here to equal two.
We need the code stable.
And under this we will right here.
Ordinary matter.
And that we will write.
I hear you would write the G.
And then semi-colon.
Now, here we have done the thing and we will create this matter.
Q.
We have to do one more thing here.
We?
This one done here is also done.
So what we have to do now.
After this we will create the p shape and we will initialize it to the shape.